Video media example (#29584)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/source/index.md

## Examples

### Video with type attribute example

> This example demonstrates how to offer a video in in WebM format for users whose browsers support WebM format, Ogg format for users whose browsers support Ogg format, and a QuickTime format video for users whose browsers support that. If the `audio` or `video` element is not supported by the browser, a notice is displayed instead. If the browser supports the element but does not support any of the specified formats, an `error` event is raised and the default media controls (if enabled) will indicate an error. Be sure to reference our [guide to media types and formats on the web](/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats) for details on what media file formats you can use and how well they're supported by browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to offer a video in WebM format for users whose browsers support WebM format, Ogg format for users whose browsers support Ogg format, and a QuickTime format video for users whose browsers support that. If the `audio` or `video` element is not supported by the browser, a notice is displayed instead. If the browser supports the element but does not support any of the specified formats, an `error` event is raised and the default media controls (if enabled) will indicate an error. Be sure to reference our [guide to media types and formats on the web](/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats) for details on what media file formats you can use and how well they're supported by browsers.
```

</video>
```

### Video with media attribute example

> This example demonstrates how to offer an alternate source file for viewports at or above a certain width. When a user's browsing environment meets the specified `media` condition, the associated `<source>` element is chosen, and the contents of its `src` attribute are requested and rendered. If the `media` condition does not match, the user agent will move on to the next `<source>` in the source order—absent a `media` condition, this source will be selected for all other browsing contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to offer an alternate source file for viewports at or above a certain width. When a user's browsing environment meets the specified `media` condition, the associated `<source>` element is chosen, and the contents of its `src` attribute are requested and rendered. If the `media` condition does not match, the user agent will move on to the next `<source>` in the source order. The second source option in the below code has no `media` condition, so will be selected for all other browsing contexts.
```
